what's up gamers we're back with another
Marvel future fight video and I woke up
this morning to some very good news and
some very bad news let's look at the
good news first basically the patch that
I had been talking about with the Secret
Wars patch is coming on the 26 so that's
just here in a couple days and this is
going to be the secret wars patch you
can see there's going to be a bunch new
skins here's a picture right here of the
new patch now the characters that are
going to be coming would be she-hulk
singularity and sister gram we're also
going to get skin suits for Angela Black
Widow bullseye Captain America Captain
Marvel Groot Iron Man kingpin me a
stroke so I wonder that's going to be a
Hulk skin spider man in venom I'm mostly
excited about spider-man now here is the
bad news on their forum today they
released that they're basically going to
change the token stores and my guess is
this is going to happen at the same time
basically the only token is able to buy
now is Captain Marvel and Hulk and then
you come by this honor chest and you're
going to get a random chance at like
Gomorrah Red Hulk Iron Fist Sharon
Carter kingpin Punisher Black Bolt
Electra so on and so on boo this is not
a good thing at all I do not like it so
I've got a ton of tokens right now and I
don't know what to spend them on I'm
gonna have to look in the store and
figure out what I want to do so you got
a choice here of like Maura and Red Hulk
Iron Fist Captain Marvel star-lord and
wasp I don't know maybe Green Goblin I'm
not sure what I do I've got 16,000 in
this store and 14,000 in this store
anyhow
there's the new stuff we're going to
have some new characters coming out on a
couple days of 26 and some new suits and
spend your tokens now anyhow thanks for
watching and keep on gaming